QC text updates (#568)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: templates/qc_report/celltypes_qc.rmd

```{r, eval = has_singler}
knitr::asis_output('### `SingleR` cell type annotations\n

> In this table, cells labeled "Unknown cell type" are those which `SingleR` could not confidently label.

Reviewer: I wonder if we want to use language more similar to what SingleR says it does? I also want to remove double "label"
```suggestion
In this table, cells labeled "Unknown cell type" are those which `SingleR` pruned for low-quality assignments.
```

```{r, eval = has_singler}
knitr::asis_output('### `SingleR` cell type annotations\n

> In this table, cells labeled "Unknown cell type" are those which `SingleR` pruned for low-quality assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this table, cells labeled "Unknown cell type" are those which `SingleR` pruned due to low-quality assignments.
```

```{r, eval = has_cellassign}
knitr::asis_output('### `CellAssign` cell type annotations\n

> In this table, cells labeled "Unknown cell type" are those which `CellAssign` could not confidently label.

Reviewer: This is a bit off too: aren't these what CellAssign labeled as "other"? So maybe "could not confidently assign to a label in the reference list"?

> In this table, cells labeled "Unknown cell type" are those which `CellAssign` could not confidently assign to a label in the reference list.

Author: One thing that I actually wonder here and above for `SingleR` - should we also say what these are called in the result objects? A second sentence like "In the processed result file, these cells are labeled `"other"`. "
And similarly, "In the processed result file, these cells are labeled `NA`" for `SingleR`.

Reviewer: This seems like a good idea to me.
